Team: Group-7
      Dmitriy Sizionov: 2054923 
      Guo Tang: 
      Jingchen Yang: 2085260

Tasks completed in the past week:
We brainstormed a project idea and prepared a project concept:

  Our project is a platform (web application) where game developers can share their games in the development stage for testing/feedback gathering. This web application will primarily serve independent game developers or small indie game studios. Main focus is on facilitating early-stage game development content.
  Independent game developers will be able to create a homepage for their games. On this page, developers can post descriptions of the game, patch notes, playtest events, trailers, and more. Developers with needs can upload stage-specific game test builds for player testing, and quickly receive ratings and feedback from interested players about that stage's results, thus improving the final product more effectively. The platform would allow developers to post crowdfunding initiatives or raise funds by promoting (while this is not a project feature to facilitate it)
  Players would have a chance to familiarize themselves and test games before game release. They would be able to browse and track the development progress of games they are interested in, participate in testing, and directly contact developers through the platform to leave suggestions that help improve the game.
 The platform will provide a summary of the games based on the players feedback by gathering them and summarizing it via AI in a short article for each game. That helps players to have a brief overview of the game. And also it gives game developers a summary of feedbacks.

Software stack options:
Framework: Django or ASP.net
For the Front-End: BootStrap: HTML for website. CSS for Layout. .js for styling (React.js: interactive UI)
For the Back-Edn: Django(Python) or ASP.net (C#)
For the Database: SQLite or MySQL - SQL for database

Tasks to be completed in the upcoming week:
Finalize the "Proposal" Report, prepare project documentation (diagrams and database architecture), finalize the software stack selection.

What went well:
Brainstorm idea. Prepared concept. Discussed how we are going to deliver the project. Created GitHub place. Established channels of communication.

What did not go so well:
Did not prepare the schedule of group meetings and deadlines for the deliveries.

Mitigation steps for things that did not go so well:
We are going to set a goals and deadlines for the next week.

